KOVACIC TO
CHELSEA?
Mateo Kovacic is
closing on a season-long loan to Chelsea ,
reports Marca . Kovacic trained with Real Madrid on
Monday but after speaking with the club he has decided he will not train or
wear their shirt again, for the time being. He publicly announced his desire to change clubs during the World Cup and has
asked the club to leave on three occasions. The club had declared Kovacic non-transferrable and the
player, who is determined to leave the Bernabeu in search of regular first-team
football, did not understand their stance. But Marca claim
Madrid have given up with their efforts to keep Kovacic and the Croatia
international is on the verge of joining Chelsea on a season-long loan.
EVERTON MEDICAL
FOR BERNARD
Chelsea have lodged a late bid to sign Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder Bernard , according to Sky sources , but the Brazilian is on his
way to Everton and is expected on
Merseyside for a medical in the next 48-hours. Bernard’s move is subject to that medical and a work
permit being granted. Sky Sports News understands that AC Milan were convinced Bernard was on his way to the San
Siro, and another source tells us Atletico Madrid also pushed hard to sign him,
while West Ham were also interested.
BUTLAND TO THE BRIDGE?
Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland is Chelsea 's top target to replace Thibaut
Courtois if he leaves this summer, according to Sky sources. Sky Sports News understands there has already been informal contact between
Chelsea and Stoke over the England international. It is understood the Sky Bet Championship side would be prepared
to allow Butland to leave for around £30m - but want any deal to be resolved
quickly.
HAS ANYONE SEEN COURTOIS?
Chelsea are facing a race against time to find a replacement for goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois , who seems intent
on forcing through a move to Real Madrid . The Belgium international failed to report back to Chelsea
training on Monday as scheduled, where head coach Maurizio Sarri was expecting
to hold face-to-face talks with Courtois about his future. Over the weekend Courtois' agent revealed that his client wants to
move to Madrid to be closer to his family. Courtois has one year left on his contract at Stamford Bridge and
is valued by Real at £32m, but Sky Sports
News understands that Chelsea will not resume talks with the European
champions until they find a suitable replacement.
TRANSFER
HEADLINES
Utd reject Barca's Pogba swap offer Rio
warns United over Pogba exit Hart joins Burnley in £3.5m deal Lerma
to undergo Cherries medical West
Ham close on Perez deal Courtois absent from Chelsea training Chelsea to target Jack Butland Sky Germany: Utd approach Boateng Everton set to land Bernard Who
still needs what? Papers:
Chelsea in for Fekir Transfer
Talk podcast: Download Premier League ins and outs Fantasy Football: Win £50k
TRANSFER HEADLINES
As we head towards the close of the day, here are a look at
the top transfer headlines: Manchester United have rejected an offer for Paul Pogba from Barcelona of £45m plus Yerry Mina and Andre Gomes, according to Sky in Italy. Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois did not show up for training
on Monday as had been expected. Chelsea will make Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland their top target
if goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois leaves the club. M anchester United have approached Bayern Munich over a deal for
centre-back Jerome Boateng , according to Sky in Germany. Everton are close to completing the signing of Brazilian winger Bernard. Newcastle have completed the season-long loan signing of Salomon
Rondon from West Brom with Dwight Gayle going in the other direction. Aston Villa and Middlesbrough are fighting it out for the
services of Bristol City defender Joe Bryan , according to Sky sources. Borussia Dortmund have agreed to sign Belgium international Axel
Witsel from Chinese side Tianjin Quanjian.
REAL WANT ALONSO
Real Madrid are set to target Chelsea defender Marcos Alonso , according to Don
Balon. New
manager Julen Lopetegui is said to want the Spain international at the
Bernabeu and has asked the club to make a move.