EVERTON MEDICAL
FOR BERNARD
Chelsea have lodged a late bid to sign Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder Bernard , according to Sky sources , but the Brazilian is on his
way to Everton and is expected on
Merseyside for a medical in the next 48-hours. Bernard’s move is subject to that medical and a work
permit being granted. Sky Sports News understands that AC Milan were convinced Bernard was on his way to the San
Siro, and another source tells us Atletico Madrid also pushed hard to sign him,
while West Ham were also interested.
BUTLAND TO THE BRIDGE?
Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland is Chelsea 's top target to replace Thibaut
Courtois if he leaves this summer, according to Sky sources. Sky Sports News understands there has already been informal contact between
Chelsea and Stoke over the England international. It is understood the Sky Bet Championship side would be prepared
to allow Butland to leave for around £30m - but want any deal to be resolved
quickly.
HAS ANYONE SEEN COURTOIS?
Chelsea are facing a race against time to find a replacement for goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois , who seems intent
on forcing through a move to Real Madrid . The Belgium international failed to report back to Chelsea
training on Monday as scheduled, where head coach Maurizio Sarri was expecting
to hold face-to-face talks with Courtois about his future. Over the weekend Courtois' agent revealed that his client wants to
move to Madrid to be closer to his family. Courtois has one year left on his contract at Stamford Bridge and
is valued by Real at £32m, but Sky Sports
News understands that Chelsea will not resume talks with the European
champions until they find a suitable replacement.
TRANSFER
HEADLINES
Utd reject Barca's Pogba swap offer Courtois absent from Chelsea training Chelsea to target Jack Butland Sky Germany: Utd approach Boateng Everton set to land Bernard Willian always wanted Chelsea stay Rondon-Gayle loan swap complete Witsel on verge of joining Dortmund Tuanzebe joins Villa on loan Villa and Boro battle for Bryan 10 players who could be on the move Papers: Chelsea in
for Fekir Transfer Talk
podcast: Download Premier League ins and outs Fantasy Football: Win £50k
TRANSFER HEADLINES
As we head towards the close of the day, here are a look at
the top transfer headlines: Manchester United have rejected an offer for Paul Pogba from Barcelona of £45m plus Yerry Mina and Andre Gomes, according to Sky in Italy. Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois did not show up for training
on Monday as had been expected. Chelsea will make Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland their top target
if goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois leaves the club. M anchester United have approached Bayern Munich over a deal for
centre-back Jerome Boateng , according to Sky in Germany. Everton are close to completing the signing of Brazilian winger Bernard. Newcastle have completed the season-long loan signing of Salomon
Rondon from West Brom with Dwight Gayle going in the other direction. Aston Villa and Middlesbrough are fighting it out for the
services of Bristol City defender Joe Bryan , according to Sky sources. Borussia Dortmund have agreed to sign Belgium international Axel
Witsel from Chinese side Tianjin Quanjian.
REAL WANT ALONSO
Real Madrid are set to target Chelsea defender Marcos Alonso , according to Don
Balon. New
manager Julen Lopetegui is said to want the Spain international at the
Bernabeu and has asked the club to make a move.
EVERTON LAND BERNARD
Everton have fought off competition from Chelsea,
Atletico Madrid and West Ham to secure the signing of Brazilian winger Bernard, Sky Sports News understands. The Shaktar Donetsk playmaker was out of contract and
Everton have swooped to land the 25-year-old on a free transfer. He is expected to have a medical at Everton in the next
24 hours.
COURTOIS MISSES TRAINING
More now on a story we brought you earlier courtesy of Sunday Supplement panellist Matt Law of T he Telegraph , and Thibaut Courtois did not show for training at Chelsea’s Cobham training ground today. Last Monday, Sky Sports News reported thatChelsea will not resume talks with Real
Madrid over a deal for Thibaut Courtois until they find a suitable replacement
for the goalkeeper. Real Madrid value Courtois at around £32m. Over the weekend, Courtois’ agent Christophe Henrotay gave an
interview where he said the goalkeeper wants to leave for Madrid so
he can be closer to his family. Yesterday, Maurizio Sarri said: "I
am not interested in the agent. I want to hear Courtois. If Courtois tomorrow
will say to me the same, I have to speak with my player of course. I want only
players who play with a very high level of motivation."
COURTOIS GOES 'AWOL'
More drama over Chelsea's goalkeeper, and Thibaut Courtois has gone AWOL from the club and did not turn up to training today, according to Sunday Supplement panellist Matt Law of The Telegraph. He is trying to push through a move to Real Madrid, with Sky sources reporting that Chelsea are eyeing Jack Butland as a replacement should the Belgian leave the club.
DERBY LAND TOMORI
Derby County have completed a deal to bring Chelsea defender Fikayo Tomori to Pride Park on a season-long loan. The 20-year-old becomes Frank Lampard’s sixth signing of the window and the Blues' 24th loanee so far this summer.
BREAKING NEWS

Sky sources understand Chelsea have made Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland their top target if Thibaut Coutois leaves the club. The Blues have switched their attention to the Stoke
goalkeeper after Everton refused to negotiate over Jordan Pickford and Sky Sports News has been told there has already been informal contact between
Chelsea and Stoke City at boardroom level. It is understood the Potters would be prepared
to allow Butland to leave for around £30m - but want any deal for the England
goalkeeper to be resolved quickly, so that they would have time to buy a
replacement. The closer the negotiations go to 5pm on Thursday, the
more likely it is that Stoke will demand a bigger fee, Sky Sports News understands.