HAS ANYONE SEEN COURTOIS?
Chelsea are facing a race against time to find a replacement for goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois , who seems intent
on forcing through a move to Real Madrid . The Belgium international failed to report back to Chelsea
training on Monday as scheduled, where head coach Maurizio Sarri was expecting
to hold face-to-face talks with Courtois about his future. Over the weekend Courtois' agent revealed that his client wants to
move to Madrid to be closer to his family. Courtois has one year left on his contract at Stamford Bridge and
is valued by Real at £32m, but Sky Sports
News understands that Chelsea will not resume talks with the European
champions until they find a suitable replacement.
REAL WANT ALONSO
Real Madrid are set to target Chelsea defender Marcos Alonso , according to Don
Balon. New
manager Julen Lopetegui is said to want the Spain international at the
Bernabeu and has asked the club to make a move.
COURTOIS MISSES TRAINING
More now on a story we brought you earlier courtesy of Sunday Supplement panellist Matt Law of T he Telegraph , and Thibaut Courtois did not show for training at Chelsea’s Cobham training ground today. Last Monday, Sky Sports News reported thatChelsea will not resume talks with Real
Madrid over a deal for Thibaut Courtois until they find a suitable replacement
for the goalkeeper. Real Madrid value Courtois at around £32m. Over the weekend, Courtois’ agent Christophe Henrotay gave an
interview where he said the goalkeeper wants to leave for Madrid so
he can be closer to his family. Yesterday, Maurizio Sarri said: "I
am not interested in the agent. I want to hear Courtois. If Courtois tomorrow
will say to me the same, I have to speak with my player of course. I want only
players who play with a very high level of motivation."
COURTOIS GOES 'AWOL'
More drama over Chelsea's goalkeeper, and Thibaut Courtois has gone AWOL from the club and did not turn up to training today, according to Sunday Supplement panellist Matt Law of The Telegraph. He is trying to push through a move to Real Madrid, with Sky sources reporting that Chelsea are eyeing Jack Butland as a replacement should the Belgian leave the club.